checking your oil level usually I Drive
vs. BMW e70 x5 you would press straight
down on the iDrive controller
that's going to bring up the menu for
info sources setting in display off
when we do on impulses so I get actually
get pushed down again and that's going
to bring you to that drop down menu
below and we want service info
we want service requirements
scroll down this this is actually see
status engine oil level this is where
you was selected on the switching status
that is going to show the status of your
services so this is where you recheck
your services on the service employment
the vehicles been running so it's
already run the test in the background
if your vehicle is so cold just going to
give you a message please wait let it
run in idle for a short time and then it
will do the measurement for you now this
shows well from the bottom to the top is
one quarter so this would be about half
before
go ahead and add the difference you can
see if it'll update if it doesn't update
what the vehicle sit for an hour come
back out start it and then recheck it
still shows low you have to question the
oil level sensor 3 incorrectly there is
no easy way to check this you can add
another half before I'm going to do more
than that and check it again we have had
bad oil level sensors have customers
actually add three four five even six
more footage of oil into an engine and
usually you can either get a lot of
smoke into the tailpipe or very very
rough running that some people will
being actually only filled 10 pours low
tempest engine image I've never seen it
happen and
so the only way to really check this is
you don't have the dipstick is to
physically drain your oil and measure
you ever in question that would be the
only way for you to check your oil level
in the center with that is a physical
physically drain it measure the oil
level and then put in the 7 quarts on a
6 cylinder engine
we're level sensor isn't reading
correctly there are few test plans that
can be run sometimes programming
sometimes with the oil level disturbed
test plan will actually give the reset
it you can remove oil level sensitive
sometimes if you just clean it and go
out there's a little hole it gets like
employ old water mix that give an
erratic reading you can go ahead and fix
it that way or replacement of your oil
level sensor would be needed which
you'll get right on the bottom of the
pan only only held on by some tempo here
please
rally probably easy to actually replace
make sure you let you drain the oil
before you actually keep that sensor
down a few inches drop